docs: update and consolidate Vue frameworks mentions (#3428)
vuejs/docs: src/guide/extras/ways-of-using-vue.md

Vue provides first-class APIs to "render" a Vue app into HTML strings on the server. This allows the server to send back already-rendered HTML, allowing end users to see the content immediately while the JavaScript is being downloaded. Vue will then "hydrate" the application on the client side to make it interactive. This is called [Server-Side Rendering (SSR)](/guide/scaling-up/ssr) and it greatly improves Core Web Vital metrics such as [Largest Contentful Paint (LCP)](https://web.dev/lcp/).

> You can use [Vue frameworks](/guide/quick-start#frameworks), which are built on top of this paradigm and provide built-in support for SSR.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
There are also higher level [Vue frameworks](/guide/quick-start#frameworks), which are built on top of this paradigm and provide built-in support for SSR for developing full stack applications.
```

Single-page SSGs are better suited if you expect non-trivial interactivity, deep session lengths, or persisted elements / state across navigations. Otherwise, multi-page SSG would be the better choice.

> [Vue frameworks](/guide/quick-start#frameworks) usually support SSG. Also, the Vue team maintains a static-site generator called [VitePress](https://vitepress.dev/), which powers this website you are reading right now! VitePress supports both flavors of SSG.

Reviewer: I think the priority on this rewrite changes it since the desire was to surface VitePress first before mentioning the other frameworks which may not necessarily support it.

```suggestion
The Vue team maintains a static-site generator called [VitePress](https://vitepress.dev/), which powers this website you are reading right now and support boths flavors of SSG! In addition, be sure to check out other [Vue frameworks](/guide/quick-start#frameworks) that usually support SSG.
```
